Add openapi-mode configuration option (#412)
PostgREST/postgrest-docs: releases/upcoming.rst

* Allow :ref:`s_procs_variadic`.
  |br| -- `@wolfgangwalther <https://github.com/wolfgangwalther>`_

> * Config option for specifying how the OpenAPI output should be displayed. See :ref:`openapi-mode`.

Reviewer: I think this showcases the new feature better:
```suggestion
* Config option for showing a full OpenAPI regardless of the JWT role privileges. See :ref:`openapi-mode`.
```
